the snake the news on a balance sheet
today at the bus station or venous
we had that round of fashion courage
mano queta check charges us the news
live and color certainly do not
likes and maybe the news soon in
first hand will be like moshe think it is
good is even traded bonds travel under the
same night the palm trees in the last round
with the fire of the cat that was great
take photo henry also the day of the test
I noticiei discover the reason for the anger
my newest member of the
wine joint in the vault of the champion
during the flood I am also the
Face is good, the guys are always on top of the
hot news for us who
You know, it does live crazy animal type
institution
he's fine, okay
It's time today is dead the best is
that is to make this partnership the snakes to
subway guy just climb that snake you
It's for you, it's nothing for the one who does the
It's up to you that you're more experienced.
no thank you, thank you, give it to me
Give me the radio answer and
TV up to join radio and television
is the best way and you feel that
I walk through here the galley that represents
10 talking live just said that
forest here thinks the school where also
if it was note is what is schools a
news here at the bus station may also
in that of the bottle of strong beat
because your girlfriend is not like Timbu
no, it's more beautiful to see that the woman
in that region but it is more rewarding
really is the strength of television is the
labor force
the balance sheet for you does not have
problem is not this phase we have already passed
everyone marking the presence still
rounded can you see everyone is
snake is now cool nor to hear the
snakes and can see the snake
is so cool that with key and only henrique
is better still at risk and
keys just got here
just swing up just up does not stop
to climb the truth is that with henrique
key in the news snake is being one
wonderful people after henrique
keys arrives everyone already starts to
last another if the salmon snake
activity is and how it is for you people
snake
we even went to this partnership
see the snake is rising how is it
see the snake snake is only the coordinator
boy discovers the night has to climb
The negation of the balance sheet is
partnership and will rise but is news
when the snake is not news
Douglas charges the courage you 're martin e
your max is how we play beautiful
tea pot
he is sad in faith and today I have already
knows the pressure to talk to the
Guys, I do not think it's fair to show you
face that makes the difference on tv was the
The face that holds the device is a face that
always tried to kick but when José
It sure spoke that, folks, you see.
I protest here but as soon as the ball rolls
in the cup the goalkeeper tutti side is now
Who runs these guys who live from
road
felt the affection of the crowd so one
followed by the other side to score more
I always liked that, I always did it
in my radio life , right?
I never liked the closed studio is
I always worked there, it comes more open.
also asks that the state government
Talk about that was over there.
He ran out of the forest, goes there.
to speak to angop the governor
For god's sake, what's this?
In fact, yesterday I read the news that it is a
governors is with a rejection in
take the rejection of his name is there
the last there with sixty-odd
rejection points because I can enter
stop after the funeral and asks for
who is 14 years old and is in the flooded city
Thank you too many clubs, you are.
Wonderful I always thought in long
We 'll be together there too if God
I wish soon in Saint Anthony the people
wins with this union radio and tv is not the
first time in brazil and
proved and the saw
I'll always try when she goes.
I need to talk to kaka
he is going to get what my map
against the Chinese sinochem more
confidence in a tim pawlenty script
not retreat she can not come no longer comes
with funerals not 91 funerals not
Thank you, Enrique.
the galera is all ne
It's but a lifetime, thanks to God.
God has always allowed me to
work had this repercussion very
very close to the people and now the record
with an overview of this partnership with the
radioactivity
Just make me even closer to the
people seeking to make a difference to
this city for these people
and this is the final moment and this partnership
the snakes with general swing type so
now the school just smiling
It's snake only the next bowl wakes you up.
stay playing trance, right?
but bring a little flower with that
lack yes or no it is not played
the activity is so good so good so good
so good
in this partnership with the general
Record Brasilia does not have to play that 35
The cup underneath without touching only if I speak
so do not
It's just climbing the snake sound It's just climbing snake
under the people behind that shirt 26 of
funeral as if she uses it in the program
can we but will give moral will give
moral to the discovery and this I only want
It took us a long time to govern the
state of goiás
peace, it's only difficult, he already spoke
now did not want to say that I think the
Boy, look, I think it's all wrong, is it?
only the courage to speak with the
staff of santana of the period already comes
telling the show that I 'm worried
because the government of the Lord I have
information that has been working well
in several parts of the state of goiás
but when you get here in the region
of the environment
the bug is missing a lot and
santo antonio discovered tauá fuller year
everything and needing the support of the state of
Goias from your government.
saint antônio pet suffered governor o
governor wakes up only from the eye pt shocked him
operator